Dear family and friends,

My undergraduate years at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor have been a constant experience of God redeeming me in my brokenness and using me in ways I would never have imagined. During mission trips to Chicago in 2020 and 2023, God showed me His love for all despite all the brokenness in this world. After coming back, I was hit time after time with the realization of the importance of going and sharing the real Gospel: the fact that God loved us so much that He sent His Son to die for us even when we did not deserve it. This year, I get the joy and honor to go to a new country where I would face the challenge of sharing the Gospel in a language I do not speak.

I will be joining a team of 6 members from Harvest Mission Community Church in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and 4 members from HMCC in Austin, Texas. We are spending the months of March through June in training and preparing for our ministry. The bulk of our ministry will take place from June 19-29, when we will travel to Peru and partner with the Camino de Vida church and a network of churches in a jungle region of the country. Before heading to the jungle, we will also participate in the church’s ministry in the capital city of Lima, where they regularly do street evangelism, neighborhood service projects, orphanage ministry, and more. We will spend most of our time in the jungle, doing a combination of practical service (e.g. building homes or church buildings, or helping construct clean wells for communities that have none) and relational outreach – we probably won’t know exactly what until we arrive! As we serve, we believe God will open people’s hearts to hear the good news about Jesus Christ.

If I were to summarize my lessons to one thing that I have learned from God over these four and a half years, it is that no matter how much work I put in, without God, there are limits, but through Him, all things are possible. While we spiritually and physically train to prepare for the trip, it would be great if you could support us first through prayer. My prayer request is for the people we meet in Peru to be able to feel God’s love for them, for the team to have the love and energy to share the Gospel while experiencing the Gospel for ourselves, and finally, for me to rejoice in the Lord and His works as I take part in it. I also aim to raise $3000 by June 10th to cover the various expenses of this project. Even a small amount means a lot for my team and me as we prepare for this mission. As one Church, I hope you will prayerfully consider advancing God’s kingdom by joining us in this ministry.

Thank you for your time!

God bless,

Yushi Austin Yasuda
